Did you know that you can turn images
into videos?
No editing, just with Kling AI.
Want to learn how?
Then let's dive in.
To create a video like this, you need
two things.
An image and a prompt.
First, let's prepare the image.
But if you already have one, then you
can skip this step.
So, open up Kling AI and from the left
panel, select image.
Here's where the magic happens.
You need to write a good prompt if you
want good results.
So, type your prompt in the box.
For example, a realistic Captain America
in his iconic suit, but his head is a
Labrador puppy standing on a New York
City rooftop in the evening.
If you pay attention to the prompt,
you'll see that I defined three things.
The subject, Captain America with a
twist.
The location, New York City rooftop.
The details, Labrador puppy, evening,
and so on.
Underneath, you'll find some extra
settings.
Ratio. Let's go with one to one for a
square image. Great for social posts.
Number of outputs. Set this to one for
now.
Standard versus high resolution.
Standard is great for quick tests, but
if you want to print or share, high res
is better.
Once everything looks good, click
generate and Kling AI will do its thing.
Usually just takes a few minutes. And
boom.
Your image is ready.
Now, let's talk about how to get more
prompts quickly. Because trust me,
you're going to want to make more than
just one of these.
Once you have your first prompt, head
over to ChatGPT.
In the chat box, you can type, "Here's a
prompt I just used in Kling AI.
Could you give me five similar prompts,
but combine different superheroes, dog
breeds, and locations?"
And paste the prompt.
Within seconds, ChatGPT will generate a
bunch of prompts like these.
Now, all you have to do is copy these
prompts back into Kling. Adjust the
ratio if you need to and click generate.
It's an instant way to build a series of
related images.
Perfect for thumbnails, social posts, or
just for fun.
Let's try one together. A realistic Iron
Man in his iconic armor. But his head is
a corgi puppy standing on a Tokyo
rooftop during a neon-lit night.
Paste that into Kling AI, choose the
same one to one ratio, set outputs to
one, and click generate.
A few seconds later,
there's your new image.
Okay. Now comes the fun part. Turning
these images into videos.
Back on the Kling AI dashboard, find
your newly created image.
Hover over it.
You'll see a generate video button
appear.
Click that and Kling AI will switch you
over to the image to video tab with your
image already loaded.
If you'd rather use a different image,
no worries.
Just delete the current one and upload
another using the simple drag and drop
feature.
Once your image is there, Kling AI uses
it as a base to generate a short-form
video based on the prompt you give.
For example, character doing a Fortnite
dance while the camera slowly zooms out.
Now adjust your settings.
Standard or professional. Standard is
free, professional gives you higher
quality renders, requires credits.
Video length. Pick 5 seconds or 10
seconds depending on how long you want
it.
Number of outputs. Let's stick with one
for now.
Then click generate and Kling does the
rest, creating a unique video from your
image.
If you want a different version, just
hit generate again
and Kling AI will make another video,
slightly different each time.
Let's do one more quick example.
Say you have a Spider-Man puppy in
Washington.
Click on generate video. Copy the same
prompt, set it to 5 seconds, choose
professional if you have credits, and
click generate.
A few minutes later, your video is
ready.
So, to turn a single image into an
animated video using Kling AI.
Firstly, create your image with a fun
detailed prompt.
Next, use ChatGPT to create variations
and expand your prompt library.
And then, use your image to create a
video with a simple prompt.
It's super easy, super fast, and you can
make endless videos for TikTok,
Instagram, or YouTube shorts.
If you haven't signed up for Kling AI
yet, it's free to get started, and
you'll get a base number of credits to
try many of these features.
The link is below in description to sign
up and start creating your own AI videos
today.
Thanks for watching, and have fun
creating.